README.md, before:

# Electric Jezebel
A repo that houses our game, Electric Jezebel.

#### Getting Started


If you are a novice at this, here are some detailed steps to go from nothing to running the game:

1. Make sure you have [Unity](http://unity3d.com/unity/download "Download Unity") and [Git](http://git-scm.com/downloads "Download Git").

2. Open up Git Bash, navigate to the desired directory using the [*cd* command](http://unixhelp.ed.ac.uk/tasks/cd1.html "PLZ HELP, WAT IS CD?").

3. Clone this repository into that directory with this command:

    ```
    $ git clone https://github.com/diego-escalante/ElectricJezebel.git
 ```

4. Start up Unity, and open the ElectricJezebel project.

5. Profit.

#### Ludum Dare Entry

This game was originally made for Ludum Dare 31 in three days. It was built around the theme *Entire Game on One Screen*. You can play the original game in all its glory (and flaws) [here](http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-31/?action=preview&uid=46754). Or you can dive into the original project on [this branch](https://github.com/diego-escalante/ElectricJezebel/tree/LD31_version) of the repo.

##### Problems or Questions?
Please let me know! Shoot me an email: diego.escalante01@gmail.com

Commit message:

Some cleanup In updating Electric Jezebel, I changed the player movement to use FixedUpdate rather than Update. This gets rid of a huge flaw in the game that made movement completely dependent on the framerate. The tradeoff, however, is a decrease in responsiveness of inputs. I know better now, but I chose to not fix this. It would require reworking a lot of the novice, hacky, and highly coupled code, and I want to keep this small update to Unity 5 as faithful as I can to the original.

README.md, after:

# Electric Jezebel
A repo that houses our game, Electric Jezebel.

#### Getting Started


If you are a novice at this, here are some detailed steps to go from nothing to running the game:

1. Make sure you have [Unity](http://unity3d.com/unity/download "Download Unity") and [Git](http://git-scm.com/downloads "Download Git"). Electric Jezebel, originally built using Unity 4.x, has been updated to work with Unity 5.3.4f1.

2. Open up Git Bash, navigate to the desired directory using the [*cd* command](http://unixhelp.ed.ac.uk/tasks/cd1.html "PLZ HELP, WAT IS CD?").

3. Clone this repository into that directory with this command:

    ```
    $ git clone https://github.com/diego-escalante/ElectricJezebel.git
 ```

4. Start up Unity, and open the ElectricJezebel project.

#### Ludum Dare Entry

This game was originally made for Ludum Dare 31 in three days. It was built around the theme *Entire Game on One Screen*. You can play the original game in all its glory (and flaws) [here](http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-31/?action=preview&uid=46754). Or you can dive into the original project on [this branch](https://github.com/diego-escalante/ElectricJezebel/tree/LD31_version) of the repo.
